# Bank-System
* Project Description
* Installation
* Project Functions
* Project Features
* Tools
## Project Description
* The banking system is a bank aggregator.
  Users can create accounts in various banks and perform operations such as:
  - Depositing funds
  - Withdrawing money
  - Transferring funds to another account

After each transaction, the system generates a receipt containing information about the transaction and sends it to the email address
provided during user registration. The receipt files are stored in the "`check`" folder.

The banking system also allows users to obtain a statement of all transactions conducted throughout the period of account usage. 
The statement includes detailed information about each operation, 
including 
 - the date, 
 - amount,
 - type of transaction,
 - and account details of the sender and recipient. 
The statements are saved in the "`invoice`" folder.
## Installation
1. Clone the repository on your computer.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Open file `email.yaml` (`path: src/main/resources/email.yaml`)
 *  then set your values from email
 * `mail.smtp.user: email name `
 * `mail.smtp.password:  your password`
 * `mail.smtp.passwordUniq:  your 16 digit password which was generated by google for trust the app.`
4. Open console in the root directory of project and run the command `mvn liquibase:update` to create a database.   
## Project Functions
* Registration
* Sign in
* Deposit
* Transfer
* Withdrawal
* Get Invoice
* Creating a bank
* Creating an account
## Project Features
* Implemented end-to-end logging to a file using AspectJ for service methods, input arguments and service response are logged.
* Interest is calculated once a month
* Check and invoice files are generated in PDF format
* Sending checks by email
## Tools
* Java 17
* JavaDoc
* Lombok
* AspectJ
* Log4j
* Maven
* Liquibase
* MySQL
* Docker
